fix #882, add better validator (#910)
anz-bank/sysl: pkg/parse/lint_docs.md

> # Linter Design

Reviewer: I'm delighted to see there's design docs! This is amazing!!

Linting happens during parsing of the abstract syntax tree. The linter itself
is a part of the `TreeShapeListener` struct in the `linter` field. The `linter`
field's job is to collect data that are required to do its linting operation.
The linting operation can happen during walking the abstract syntax tree or
after that process. This depends on what the linter is detecting.

Currently, the linter can detect the following things:

1. [Checks if return statements are not in the form of `return ok <: some_type`.](#return-statement-lint)
2. [Checks if there are case-sensitive application definitions e.g. `App` and `app`.](#case-sensitive-applications-redefinition)
3. [Checks if a call statement calls to an existing application, endpoint, and method.](#call-statement-linting)

> 

Author: added

## Return Statement Lint

For this feature, it is easier to lint during parsing. A simple regex match in

> the `EnterRet_stmt` function is done to check if it uses the `ok <: some_type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `EnterRet_stmt` function is done to ensure it uses the `ok <: some_type`
```
